editcontinent -add Asia 5
editcountry -add Jordan Asia
editcountry -add India Asia
editcountry -add Iran Asia
editcontinent -add Africa 4
editcountry -add Egypt Africa
editcountry -add Algeria Africa
editcontinent -add Europe 3
editcountry -add Spain Europe
editcountry -add France Europe
editcountry -add Italy Europe
editneighbor -add Jordan India
editneighbor -add Jordan Iran
editneighbor -add Jordan Egypt
editneighbor -add Egypt Italy
editneighbor -add Egypt Algeria
editneighbor -add Algeria France
editneighbor -add Italy Spain
editneighbor -add Italy France
savemap fffff.txt
loadmap saved/fffff.txt
gameplayer -add Wasim Benevolent
gameplayer -add Nasim Human
gameplayer -add Pinkal Aggressive
gameplayer -add Michael Random
populatecountries
placeall

